(lp0
VI analyse market trends as part of the sales team for a German automotive company.
p1
aVI would currently be working on a project to create the next astronomical vehicle able to carry the homosapien race around on hover powered transportation in the American automotive market.
p2
aVI am currently working on a program to make clean coal production more readily accessible and easier to convert to for companies.
p3
aVYestersay I attended a conference on mechanical engineering in Dresden.
p4
aVI'm working on a method to make engines more energy-efficient. 
p5
aVI AM CURRENTLY WORKING ON POSSIBLE WAYS TO CONSERVE GASOLINE 
p6
aVI am working on creating a car that drives itself, but on rails. They will be like single family train cars and when the destination is put into the GPS, the train car moves itself there!
p7
aVCurrently working on the aerodynamics of a car design my company created.
p8
aVI am working on new fuel alternatives in the automotive industry.
p9
aVWorking on the development of sustainable energy resources with a team of scientists and engineers.
p10
aVI am an aerospace engineer working on new airfoil designs. This week I tested several airfoils in in the wind tunnel. 
p11
aVI make sure that the NASA Rockets are ready for lift off. 
p12
aVAt the moment I am upscaling a process to produce large amounts of penicillin.
p13
aVI work for a lubricant manufacturing company and the viscosity of the oils is extremely important. Often we mix different oils.
p14
aVDeveloping new technology to ensure private space travel is safe
p15
aVI do research on trying to develop more powerful  and longer lasting batteries to an electric car. This week I am meeting engineers from a Chinese battery plant 
p16
aVWe are currently engaged in the creation of aerospace design for the developing Asian aerospace market. 
p17
aVI am currently researching environmental conservation for the creation of household chemical products.
p18
aVI am currently working on an alternative fuel to replace petrol in the automotive industry. 
p19
aVI am currently working on a chemical agent which reduces the growing time of certain vegetables such as tomatos and cucumber.
p20
aVI am currently working on green technology that will help make automobiles less reliant on gasoline.
p21
aVWe are looking for alternativ to oil and gas for cars and other vehicles. We try not to focus on e-cars.
p22
aVI design power-producing machines such as electric generators and internal combustion engines.
p23
aVI'm working on a way to pump up oil in Siberia in a most efficient way.
p24
aVI'm a graphist designer maket the business in the oil industry by social media network
p25
aVCurrently working on computer systems that enhance the connectivity of the machinery we use
p26
aVWorking on developing a more aerodynamic hood design for freight trucks that would reduce the overall drag coefficient. By reducing the drag the freight trucks would become more fuel efficient and aid in reducing freight costs.
p27
aVI'm researching new ways to save energy and be more environmentally friendly at my company.  I'm passionate about efficiency at the chemical factories I service.
p28
aVI am currently working on finding the next area we need to work in. This week we looked at north Korea.
p29
aVI am working on developing an affordable gasoline to biofuel converter for standard vehicles.
p30
aVI am working on ways to automate production through artificial intelligence and machine learning.
p31
aVI am developing design options to improve the efficient of large jet engines.
p32
aVThis month I attended a conference on Aviation and Spaceflight in California
p33
aVthis week I attented a seminar on self driving cars in kiel
p34
aVI monitor production flow for the midwest region of a large oil company. This week I attended a conference on the economic impact on small communities with traveling workers. 
p35
aVI am currently investigating how to reduce the size of solar panels to make them more customer-friendly. 
p36
aVI am currently assessing the stress of wind on impeller driven aeroplanes.
p37
aVI am currently working on a design to limit the amount of carbon emissions created by the machines that we use. 
p38
aVI am working on developing an environmentally friendly rocket fuel that would help progress the development of space travel. 
p39
aVI create designs for aerodynamic spacecraft for NASA. We need spacecraft to fly farther and faster to be able to explore the world beyond Earth.
p40
aVWorking on a cleaner way to power the planet, tha does not incude fossil fuel.
p41
aVI am designing new fan blades for jet engines with better materials. I continually test different metals for thier strength under high tempeture. 
p42
aVWe want to make our cars more family friendly, espacially for children and the driver. Next week we want to discuss which plans could be done to achiev this.
p43
aVI am currently working on a replacement for Fossil Fuels. We are striving to replace the need for harmful Fossil Fuels, so we can reduce the impact on the environment.
p44
aVBeing as a mechanical engineer, I prepare design for railway tracks for government projects. This week i have client meetings for approval of new projects.
p45
aVI am a computer engineer working for a larger firm, such as Asus or MSI 
p46
aVI create new infrastructure to make aerospace communication more efficient.
p47
aVI oversee drilling work in the petroleum industry, with special responsibility for the development and creation of new tools.
p48
aVI'm currently working on automotive market for our country in United States.
p49
aVI work on industrial robots for cleaning factories in Europe
p50
aVI conduct grounded studies to test the habitability of a space capsule.
p51
aVI am currently working on the development of an automotive device that will disable the use of cellular devices within the automobile to reduce accidents on the roads. 
p52
aVI do pipe and gas fitting for the oil refinery in Alberta at the tar sands.
p53
aVI am currently working on aerospace engineering and doing general projects related to that. 
p54
aVI am an aerospace engineer working on the shuttle replacement for NASA.
p55
aVI am an engineer worker from NASA working on an important mission that will extract rock samples from the Moon.  This samples will provide evidence as to when and how the Moon may have been created.
p56
aVI am currently planning an building a biogas energy plant, that will generate electricity and thermal energy.
p57
aVI am in the middle of creating the first space cruiser for travelling outside the Earth but with all the luxuries.
p58
aVI am creating a synthetic self cleaning oil that does not need to be changed or checked for the use in automotive, marine, and aeronautical engines.
p59
aVI am developing a more efficient way to extract oil from the earth.
p60
aVI help create the aerospace dynamics for jet propulsion used for NASA. This week I am attending a conference on the effects of gravity sickness on astronauts in space.
p61
aVI write code for an engine failure system detecting missed deadlines
p62
aVI test the strength of metals used to make brackets that hold shelving units together. This week I tested tinsel strength of steel for updated one of our brackets.
p63
aVI am currently designing a car that will run on autopilot and drive itself without a driver.
p64
aVI am working on optimizing a fluid mechanics simulation software written in FORTRAN
p65
aVThis week I worked on a Honda Odyssey minivan and had to reinstall windshield wiper blades and check the fluid.
p66
aVTomorrow I will be in Kuwait for the conference on the oil leakage 
p67
aVIm working in innovation of new drug therapy. This week I will oversee new intern staff in my section.
p68
aVI do market research for electric automobiles in Europe. This week I meet with a representatives with the German division of the company. 
p69
aVI am working on the latest in auto flight vehicles and their safety if it comes to fruition.
p70
aVI am helping to develop a means of increasing the efficiency of jet-fuel propulsion systems.
p71
aVI find general solubility coefficients of different chemicals to find safer chemicals to use in the manufacturing process. I try to replace the more environmental hazardous organic solvents with environmentally friendly, less toxic alternative solvents.
p72
aVI am currently troubleshooting new designs for an innovative desalinization plant which will serve a drought stricken and heavily populated sub-saharan region.
p73
aVI am working on manufacturing vitamin D. This week, we sold much of it to spain. 
p74
aVI work on a simulation for stress analysis for car bodies.
p75
aVI research about machinery for a laboratory my company is building.
p76
aVI am trying to create environment friendly fuels for driving a car/ electric cars
p77
aVIf I was an engineer in this field I would be working on creating the gear necessary for travel to Mars. I would also be implementing process to allow people to live and travel quickly in between Mars and Earth. 
p78
aVI am currently working on creating a next-generation electric power generator.
p79
aVFeasibility study of a natural gas power plant with carbon capture.
p80
aVI work on the development of making aircraft more fuel efficeint
p81
aVI have created a competitive profile of the North American aerospace and engineering markets. Last month I participated in a study regarding Aerospace advancements using machine learning software in Los Angeles.
p82
aVI am working on reducing the emissions from aircraft by adjusting the fuel compounds.
p83
aVI create recliners at a warehouse. I build bookcases. I assist other workers in the warehouse. 
p84
aVToday I will host a large scale conference to deliver results of a year long study regarding the efficiency of solar road panels as a renewable energy source throughout the United States.
p85
aVI work with identifying nano holes within a space tech company. 
p86
aVThis week I attended a conference about Aerospace travel for the next upcoming year.
p87
aVI am a Senior QA Operative at a leading aerospace industry standard assembly plant. Currently I am working to streamline our Quality Assurance process with a view to downsizing my department.
p88
aVLast month I attended a conference on the automotive market in Boston, MA.
p89
aVI work on the rockets to Nasa aerospace program. I will attend a propulsion seminar in Naples FL 
p90
aVI create life vests with safety landing function. I attend the annual sky divers and parachuters meeting 
p91
aVCurrently, I am designing a new type of airplane engine.  This will be safer and more energy efficient.
p92
aVI am in a oil explore project in south part of Asia. This week we need to do field investigation for the local exploring companies.
p93
aVI would create an Artificial Intelligence Personal Home Assistant and Tutor.
p94
aVI recently visited a seminar on aerospace engineering at Kennedy Space Center.
p95
aVI create an oil cleaning machine. This week i attended a conference on pollution coming from oil waste in San Fransisco.
p96
aVI am building a rover that can utilize oxidized iron as fuel. This week I attended the Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in Houston. 
p97
aVI am currently working to create a project engineering team, overseeing the mechanical design process for our automotive sector.
p98
aVI am working on a project to assess the viability of using certain bacteria to "eat" oil as a way to clean up oil spills.
p99
aVI am working on a way to supply the entire country with sustainable energy.
p100
aVI model new engine technologies for a premier aerospace company.
p101
aVHow can we make electric vehicles more appealing to those who want more power in their vehicle?
p102
aVI am currently working on designing a new type of concrete to use on the highways. 
p103
aVI am a mechatronic engineer and have special interest in future generation of robots.
p104
aVWe are installing a new piece of equipment in the factory.
p105
aVI analyze the competitive marketplace for aerospace engineering, focusing on the West Coast in the USA
p106
aVI create prototypes for new vehicles for LEXUS. We are trying to find the most efficient model without sacrificing luxury
p107
aVI am researching the effects of chemicals in different environments.
p108
aVI study current market changes involving modern design in airplanes. This involves a lot of computer modeling as well as market research,  
p109
aVI am employed to research geoengineering techniques to combat climate change. I am currently working on design of a mirror to be placed into space to reflect solar radiation. 
p110
aVI am currently working on an aerodynamic design for an automobile that will easily exceed 200 mph.
p111
aVI create robotics to explore rocks at the edge of our solar system.
p112
aVI will be currently working on a project that involves better methods of extracting natural gas from the Earth. I will be attending a board meeting on substantial energy alternatives.
p113
aVI would be attending a NASA press announcement detailing recent technological advances in space flight propulsion.
p114
aVI am working on trying to make a more effecient way for oil extraction that doesn't contaminate the enviroment.
p115
aVIm looking into the future of energymarkets, like oilprices and development / competitiveness of green alternatives.
p116
aVI am working on a more effective way to reduce emissions on gasoline vehicles.
p117
aVI am currently working with a 3-D printer to produce items for cars that would be cheaper.
p118
aVI am currently working on an automated driving system for semi-trucks.
p119
aVI create the blueprints for reusable space containers for cargo transport.
p120
aVI work on flying electric cars and try to change the future
p121
aVFinding new and never berfore used alternative fuel sources in space.
p122
aVI am working on new more aerodynamic engines for large aircraft.  I work at Airbus and I absolutely love my job.
p123
aVI am working to improve electric cars, specifically in the American market. 
p124
aVI am responsible for the new engines fitted to a Japanese car for the UK automotive industry. 
p125
aVI am attaching metal components to a particular part of a machine. I am using a drill. 
p126
aVI am part of a team designing new computer software for the space programme.
p127
aVI work in the space agency on new ways to get material to the space station
p128
aVI'm working using certian genes found in flesh eating bacteria to help fight skin cancer.
p129
aVI work on designing new and improving existing aeroplane parts for large companies across the UK.
p130
aVWorking on automating database on  chemical products and its prices 
p131
aVI´m working on a new system for improve the indoor climate of cars based on new materials. I´m testing different materials on their characteristics of isolation and also different materials in combination on their characteristics of isolation.
p132
aVThis week I will do my research on oil and gas. I will attend meetings and make a plan. then i will need to hire a crew to help in production.
p133
aVI encounter the errors which is happening while building the machine structure.
p134
aVI work with other people round the world on problems with fast aircrafts
p135
aVI am working to develop an automobile drive that does not affect the environment.
p136
aVThis week I attended a conference on aerospace spectrum efficiency.
p137
aVI'm a software producer and create new apps with artificial intelligence
p138
aVI am currently working on building and automotive engine with electrical components
p139
aValternative fuels using bio materials or possibly harnessing energies from outer space
p140
aVThis week I worked on a new style of cars in China.
p141
aVi create a design of an new american automobile. that's why i'm tommorow in atlanta on a conference.
p142
aVPlanning of an Plant for electromagnetic separation of dry goods
p143
aVI create a country and competitor profile of the american automotive market.  This week I attended a conference on Artificial Intelligence in Los Angeles.
p144
aVI am working on the implementation of a face detector in the NAO Robot.
p145
aVThis month I attended a council meeting on toxic waste in the urban community.
p146
aVI am working on a next gen car, super aerodynamic and based on renewable energy and extremely safe for its drivers.
p147
aVI am designing a new car for the future that has an innovative drive.
p148
aVI am working on an autonomous vehicle project in King of Prussia, PA.
p149
aVI construct mold tools and plasic parts for the plastic injection moulding process with Solidworks for costumers in the automotive sector.
p150
aVI am designing a new fuel for the automotive industry.
p151
aVI design new state of the art ideas for automobile improvement in America
p152
aVI work on the Light-Design of the new car which is going to be released next year
p153
aVI am an engineer in an large automotive industrial company in Germany
p154
aVI work to increase safety while driving a car or truck.
p155
aVI'm looking into Africa's oil and gas potential within the next two decades.
p156
aVI am working on Artificial Intelligence and self driving cars.
p157
aVI am working on batteries or energy-storage possibilities. I spend a lot of time meeting with other engineers and exchanging knowledge and ideas
p158
aVThis week I took an online course in mechanical engineering.
p159
aVThis month I have been present at a conference for the kinetic robots in New York.
p160
aVI design and build parts for formula one race cars focussing on improving aerodynamics
p161
aVI'm researching for new ideas for solutions in the field of the internet of things concerning the automotive industries.
p162
aVI create a new airfilter for a better air in asian countries, where is often smog
p163
aVI am working on an outside covering of 747's to prevent bird damage.
p164
aVI am working on a new medicament against the cencer.
p165
aVI am improving the batteries for electrical cars like Tesla.
p166
aVI am working on a project for reducing plastic worldwide.
p167
aVI have created solar power cells for boat docks. product went live in Miami,fl this week
p168
aVI am a chemical engineer, designing a new factory to produce pharmaceutical products.
p169
aVRefactoring existing passenger railroad rolling stock for extended service on inner city commuter lines for a new franchise
p170
aVI am creating the gateways for automive bus communication Ethernet, Flexray. 
p171
aVworking on a eletricity car with a new system wich allows to drive very long kilometers
p172
aVI'm working on projects involving renewable energy sources. My company wants to get away from last century technology and gain a more modern, eco friendly image.
p173
aVI'm preparing a study into the crossover potential between aerospace and mechanical automation and automotive AI.
p174
aVI am programming a cnc robot which cuts forms from large metal plates
p175
aVworking on a way to get more profit and charge less to the american people.
p176
aVI am a programme manager that looks for specialist equipment for the International Defence, Marine and Aerospace Market.
p177
aVAs a petroleum engineer, I am improving drilling rigs to make them more efficient, safer for the rig workers, and less damaging to the land.
p178
aVElectrical Engineer and food engineer working for breweries. Working on new beer.
p179
aVI am working on a presentation on the future goals of GPS satellites I will give at the conference on Aerospace in New York next month.
p180
aVI am developing new ways of collecting and distributing natural gas with the hopes of creating a sustainable energy resource.
p181
aVI'm a mechanical engineer who specializes in design mechanics. This area involves the design of artificial limbs and organs, and works along with medical doctors to develop these products be compatible with the human body.
p182
aVI am developing a way to help small scale farmers mechanize daily activities to save time and costs. Networking with local farms is key to the success of this project. 
p183
aVThis weekend going to attend a conference related to the latest edition of google automatic car.
p184
aVI am running a conference on autonomous driving. It is about the exchange of experiences of this innovative subject.
p185
aVI am a graphik-designer. i do advertising for german companies
p186
aVI have experiance on bioenegy like biogas and bioprocessing currently working in field of biotechnology
p187
aVI create a global plan to supply the whole world with green energy - an we build the power stations.
p188
aVI am working on a fuel efficient airplane. I want to make it aerodynamic. 
p189
aVEnsuring that new vehicles are as aerodynamic and fuel efficient as possible.
p190
aVI am doing research on the different impact of medication based on gender and age.
p191
aVI'm looking for an Joint Venture partner in North America, to found an automotiv research centre.
p192
aVI create a new computer program for a self-driving tractor. 
p193
aVCurrently I assess if contracting a different supplier will be cost-effective .
p194
aVI am working on building some contacts with the Russian chemical market.
p195
aVI am currently working on further development of solar cells.
p196
aVI create a Printed Design Circuit using EDA Tools for Consumer Produucts
p197
aVI am involved in the development of the latest aircraft designs. Tomorrow I will have a meeting in London.
p198
aVI am currently working on a project that combine human art work with artificial neural network.
p199
aVI provide electricity through a solar panel system for a village.
p200
aVengineering starting out need help with work to get better
p201
aVI create aerospace defense systems for a large military arms company. I am currently developing anti hacking defense for military aircraft.
p202
aVI develop a new efficent cooling system for plug-in vehicels.
p203
aVam working in Austeng,Austeng is an engeenering firm that specialise in design,solving industries that  utilise electro magentic machinery system
p204
aVI provide mechanical food packaging equipment to multi-national companies. I am currently demonstrating a new machine as part of a customer upgrade program. 
p205
aVI invent fuel alternatives from animal and plant by-products.  I am currently working on improving fuel made from corn.
p206
aVI work in the chemical engineering industry. My job mainly involves the production of mechanical biochemcials.
p207
aVI went to a showcase on new greener methods of clearing oil spills in the ocean.
p208
aVI have working knowledge of various platforms and interfaces that can manipulate foreign currency in an effort to gain an edge in trading gas and oil futures.
p209
aVI am currently building a car that runs from solar energy. I am attempting to make it efficient and affordable.
p210
aVI create nanotechnology to repair human organs and cure disease like cancer
p211
aVI am currently working on implementing new knowledge to improve efficiency and being more 'green'.
p212
aVI am working on the science of autonomized control systems in hover cars. I loved the jetsons and am currently building an autonomized personal hover vehicle or "PHV".
p213
aVI am striving to achieve a better supply chain plan of action for manufacturing being brought back into the country. 
p214
aVI am currently working on a new lubricant to work with the bearings on offshore drilling apparatus. I am going to test my prototype lubricants on a selection of drills next week.
p215
aVI am currently testing a solar panel for a prototypical plane which should fly without using fossil fuels. This week me and my team meet some NASA engineers in Washington D.C. to exchange experiences and ideas.
p216
aVI am currently interested in launching a space shuttle to Mars.
p217
aVI am creating a new car exhaust system that will effectively eliminate all harmful CO emissions from being released into the atmosphere.
p218
aVI am an engeneer in automotive industry. Currently I'm working on improving engines.
p219
aVI learned how to studying water engineering for exactly one year.
p220
aVI am working on new and Environment friendly technologys for a better world.
p221
aVI create a online reference database of completed engineering projects.
p222
aVI'm the manager at an aerospace engineering firm in Houston, Texas.
p223
aVI work on creating car designs, I am currently working on a design for a new sports car.
p224
aVI am a mechanical egineering . I am working on  a product that would alllow automobiles to operate without polluting the air.
p225
aVI help deliver onshore and offshore wind farm projects, focusing on safety and meeting operating standards.
p226
aVI am currently working on Energy Efficient technology to help reduce costs for small business owners.
p227
aVWe are working on doubling the photovoltaic transmission/output on our solar panels
p228
aVI working on a plan to update the cryptographic security of our software.
p229
aVI installed a lot of radio station on oil rigs world wide, in order to have GMDSS on board
p230
aVI create innovative designs in the North American aerospace industry.
p231
aVI develop more efficient and more comfortable suits for space exploration. We are currently running practical tests with volunteers.
p232
aVI am working on creating the next generation of vehicles that will fully drive themselves. 
p233
aVI need to know the correct size of pipe to service energy to a 40KW engine.
p234
aVI design aircrafts for the american government. At the end of the week I have to have it operational.
p235
aVdeveloper of different locking systems for the industrial and residential markets
p236
aVI am a Engineer of the Chemical Industry. I like to do some job fair at local community colleges.
p237
aVI work as a programmer on the self driving car team
p238
aVI am currently working on a new air conditioning system for smaller cars.
p239
aVI research environmental impacts of the oil and natural gas industry. This week I interviewed a large oil company after allegations of illegal dumping.
p240
aVIm working on the efficiency of electric powered cars. specialized on the architecture of these.
p241
aVThis month I was the keynote speaker at a large conference on Combustion Engines.
p242
aVI have been planning on building a new chemical laboratory to make new drugs.
p243
aVI design fuel systems for space craft at Cape Canaveral
p244
aVI make a new company, and we create a bio fuel that is easy to gather and clean burning
p245
aV I am traveling this month to New York for a conference on mechanical engineering innovations. 
p246
aVWorking on the floor plans for a new factory. We have decided to replace humans with robots, I am responsible for figuring out the layout of the robots.
p247
aVI'm currently designing lighter and more efficient thrusters for space exploration probes.
p248
aVMy team and I are working on creating a biodegradable gas for motor vehicle that will decrease air pollution and damage to the vehicles engines.
p249
aVUse of alternative energy sources to efficiently power automobiles at a cost-effective point
p250
aVQuality assurance should be the element i will be looking into. I will implement more workforce to ensure the Quality of the product meets the standard. 
p251
aVI'am currently working on a pipeline project requiring a biofuel factory to be built apart.
p252
aVdesigning engines parts, automotive parts, or parts for machinery or equipment.
p253
aVI create the project plan for the manufacturing of spaceships. This week I outlined a new plan to help improve rapid prototyping using 3D printers.
p254
aVI create a new engine which uses the fuel of the future to create a possibility for mankind to move without causing problems for the environment. I work for a large automotive company.
p255
aVI am currently working on the latest build of a new car that is most fuel efficient vehicle ever. 
p256
aVI am an expert on cost cutting measures in the robotic fields. I am seeking information on areas where robots fail and maintenance is needed.
p257
aVI am working on a hydraulic actuator for a large airplane landing assembly
p258
aVToday I have a meeting to discuss the possibility of reducing co2-emission of our premium-cars.
p259
aVI am currently the Chemical Processing Manager at Proctor and Gamble. The majority of our products have multiple chemical processes, and I make sure the processes run smoothly.  
p260
aVI create a machine that can move rubbish away. It´s great. All ways and places will be clean.
p261
aVI create a major chemical used by large oil companies.
p262
aVI construct buildings using the best ressources and trying to be CO-2 neutral.
p263
aVI manage and maintain data on automotive trends in the eastern hemisphere.
p264
aVI am currently working on the manufacturing side of a large aircraft. Specifically, small components for the engine, I am part of the quality team which helps to ensure all products meet correct  standards.
p265
aVI will be working on creating a CAD drawing for engine parts.
p266
aVI am working on building driver less cars and buses.
p267
aVI am trying to find out how to build a new kind of automotive engine.
p268
aVI am currently an engineer in the automotive market. We mass produce vehicles for the public. We're currently working on new safety features for our cars.
p269
aVI built a robot with KI, who you can trust and is your second help/hand.
p270
aVBuilding the engines to go on a shuttle to go to the International Space Station. 
p271
aVI am going to a meeting this thursday in relation to metal quality
p272
aVI am trying to further develop the distance an electrical car can travel in between charges
p273
aVI develop machines for material testing. This week I attend a training course.
p274
aVManaging data to implement energy efficient sources for the farming sector
p275
aVI am doing research to find a way to travel to outer space without risk
p276
aVI work with customers to understand their needs and work internally to implement their solution. I often provide customer presentations. 
p277
aVI like to establish a jung company for web design. These days i exactly inform about this.
p278
aVI do optimize battery runtimes for cars that run on electricity. 
p279
aVI am working on the digitization strategy regarding our products and sales departments and a more effective cost structure. Innovation department is not affected by cost cutting.
p280
aVI would create an economic biofunels for cars, which would be cheap in sale. 
p281
aVI overview and evaluate the efficiency of various machine learning algorithms.
p282
aVI work on a chemical designed to create a vacuum to work in an area were combustion is taking place. This allows fuels to combust at  maximum potential and creates an enviroment where less heat is released. 
p283
aVI am looking for job want to earn some money
p284
aVI work at an automotive plant. I am working on a new intellective design installation of a robot that can install the front windshield and back at the same time.
p285
aVI design bespoke fittings for automated automotive assembly lines. My work is based mainly in European manufactureres. 
p286
aVi am working in a new program to reduce microbiological germs in milk.
p287
aVWorking on a way to build larger building structures on weak or soft areas, such as dirt or sand.
p288
aVI create cars that are totally environment friendly, safe and good looking. This week I attended a conference about electro cars.
p289
aVI currently communicate with various oil companies on trade and price negotiations. 
p290
aVI am working on turning a natural algae into a replacement for fossil fuel.
p291
aVI am working on Spaceships that will be able to visit other worlds and planets. These worlds and planets would be able to help people as they visit other worlds.
p292
aVThis week I will be attending a workshop on life on Mars.
p293
aVI'm working on the best way to make vehicles run better on battery and electricity 
p294
aVI am working on a way to make oil from drilling last longer by testing various ways to burn it efficiently.
p295
aVI design and test rockets for NASA and other aeroscience ventures.
p296
aVI am working on creating a frictionless fly-wheel for an internal combustion engine. I have been working on it for seven years and still have a lot more work to do.
p297
aVI am working on the schmatics of a new machine for a local factory.  The issues coming up are limited space.  We are trying to determine a way to build the machine upwards.
p298
aVI search around an Automotive Factory machines, listing and watching for abnormalities, during which I heard a hissing in a pushing arm. I will only have to put a new gasket on and set the piston back in place.
p299
aVI work to create better oil and gas usage for energy. This week I attended a conference on renewable energy sources.
p300
aV\u000aheute ist ein Tag an dem ich froh sein kann\u000a
p301
aVI look at how to use liquified natural gases for pressurizing cargo ships. I am leading the country in switching to a more environmentally friendly means of gas use. 
p302
aVI create an oracle fit to sustain human life in space in case of planet earth becoming unsustainable.
p303
aVI'm currently working on a new design to decrease pollution that the company creates. In a few weeks I will be presenting my creation. 
p304
aVI am working on a hand held device that allows people to check their land in order to see if they have oil reserves. 
p305
aVI currently work in the Oil and Gas fields and work on how to implement the upcoming advances in natural gas fields.
p306
aVI am currently working on the design of a car body. I am currently researching previous car designs and trying to determine their weaknesses and how I can improve on them.
p307
aVI create blueprints for the upcoming sports bike models for Yamaha. 
p308
aVI implement software packages to calculate key performance indicators for an assmbly process.I'm 
p309
aVI am a engineer in a large company and im working on aerospace , matter,  and time.
p310
aVThis week I, as an mechanical engineer, attended a conference in Las Vegas
p311
aVI'm currently developing a more usable interface for self driving cars with Toyota. This week I will be traveling to Japan to confer with others.
p312
aVI am in the process of designing a luxury hotel aircraft ,which can also convert into a ship to be utilised on sea. The project is being spearheaded by Richard Branson with a view to give travellers an unique experience.
p313
aVI am helping to design the next mars rover for NASA.
p314
aVI am working on making the supply chain process smoother and more efficient.
p315
aVI would be working towards a cleaner and more efficient future. We need to work on renewable fuel sources, more efficient food, and cleaning up the earth.
p316
aVI create a benchmarking profile of the asian carsharing market.
p317
aVI am currently involved with a customizable, removable vehicle exterior. So the average driver could customize the outside of their vehicle. 
p318
aVI am working on water pipes the water we use everyday into energy. 
p319
aVThis week I attended a class on Aerospace Engineering and received a certificate.
p320
aVI am creating  innovation in oil exploration and extraction policy.
p321
aVI oversee the manufacture of single crystal blades for use in airplane engines. 
p322
aVI create and develop new machines, and fix or make parts and gears on machines.
p323
aVI'm working on the magnetic tube-train that they're builing in California.
p324
aVWhat can we do to create cheaper fuel for our economy? 
p325
aVI would be working on a new type of chemical coating which would make automobiles more resistent to damage, such as denting.
p326
aV I am working on a large aerospace, automotive, chemical, oil & gas or mechanical engineering project.
p327
aVI plan and create work orders for the manufacturing of goods through SAP. I am a part of planning team in my company.
p328
aVchemical composites of medical nano materials and determining which type of material is the safest and has the highest efficiency rates
p329
aVI would work on enviromental engineering. In specific the construction of wind generators
p330
aVI maintain and improve the performance of aircrafts concentrating on propulsion systems, flight mechanics, and aerodynamics or robotics. This week I designed a civil and military aircraft.
p331
aVcar which drives with water so we dont need gas anymore
p332
aVI open a house for big asian cars in typical asian colors
p333
aVI am working on a project to fly human beings to the surface of Mars.
p334
aVI am creating new computer software for self driving cars.
p335
aVCurrently I am spending time with my ally to develop a project profile of GS plant.
p336
aVI am currently working on cutting short the overall budget by creating an innovative method to shorten the production process 
p337
aVI am working on how to extract oil without harming the environment.
p338
aVi am studying chemical engineering. Although I have already make some experiences in process optimization in a sugar factory and optimization of automobile catalyst during a practical semester.
p339
aVI am working on designing a new design for a spaceship to hold more food. Perhaps looking into food type or figuring out how to design a larger spaceship cabin for long duration space flight.
p340
aVI research how air traffic control can better utilize its resources and efficiency by designing software for their radar machines 
p341
aVI am creating an underwater dome to make a self- sustainable city. We are receiving funding from multiple governments.
p342
aVI am working on streamlining manufacturing processes in an automobile warehouse. 
p343
aVI create a project for automotive market based on marketing research.
p344
aVI study the human body in order to design and build more effective prosthetics for amputees.
p345
aVI work to develop better seed crop production through both growth-enhancing fertilizers and pest reduction products. 
p346
aVI am working on a research project on new oil rigs.
p347
aVI am currently working on creating the first solar powered space car. A car that will run in the solar system off of the solar power of the sun!
p348
aVI am working for an  aviation company.  My team is working on a way to make our aircraft lighter in order to reduce fuel costs.  I have been meeting with electrical and structural engineers to make this a reality.
p349
aVI am currently working on creating self-driving cars which will revolutionize current transportation.l
p350
aVI work on designing better, more efficient rocket engines that are reusable. I just returned from a business trip to the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
p351
aVToday I attented the BP oil rig expansion meeting in New york.
p352
aVI work with an architect to ensure fire suppression sprinklers are installed according to code.
p353
aVI am working on using silicone rubbers for 3d printing in science. 
p354
aVI am currently creating a more sustainable development model to conquer global emissions in the Oil and Gas insdustry.
p355
aVI am currently working on driver less car technology, in the field of how a computer can make moral decisions.
p356
a.